well welcome welcome to your mom's house
Christina the gypsies let's see if we
can get top dog on the phone yeah
discussed this I don't know if I answer
I didn't claim I be calling buddy hello
Susan yeah
Wow buddy I invited you to join LinkedIn
hello come on hey Dad hey buddy hey
how's it going man good good hey um so I
know I didn't really get a chance to
talk to you
but Saturday morning I was sitting in
our kitchen and we're having a little
breakfast and actually Christina went to
use the bathroom and while I was in the
kitchen I went to fart and it was just
all water that came out of me
oh that happen to me that I'm bed
in bed yeah didn't I tell you no oh I
had a I had a squirter in bed and got on
the the bedspread
hey and I had to oh yeah you know hey
wait a minute
were you in bed like going ready to go
to sleep no just later watching an
afternoon TV show you know what were you
wearing was kind of enough I had my
boxers but I was kind of a weird
position so my boxers were you know and
we're kind of open cut yeah you know
yeah aniconic some got on my underwear
but some squirted oh my god is like
Aiden I got a spray so did Ned five five
or six spots on on the bedspread so I
had to take the Bedford off and put in
to watch wait now how come you didn't
think it's just a little bit of cuz
one time you Charlie not just a
miscalculation and I'm like now wait did
you
so you thought you were farting you
thought I'd just be a fart I thought it
fart sure did you did you push kind of
aggressively no no that's what got me
didn't it Disgaea you know I'm an DUIs
yeah you kind of gave her that little
last-minute nudge you know yeah yeah
yeah and how how much was it cuz it
sounds like sounds like a lot well
there's a lot more I didn't realize it
would seem like a little heart and you
know a lot more there you know yeah I
miss spotty you know wasn't tons miss
Bobbye
enough that I had to change their
underwear and change a little bit yeah
so you had to go wash that bedspread
okay yeah yeah did she do altar
yeah did you tell char what happened I
didn't until the next day and then she
also water no but the bedspread was
doing in the washing machine and I said
don't know what happened she said what
did you clean the spots before you put
in a clothes oh just put it in there
Oh it'll get all over everything that's
what the rinse cycle is the wait how did
you tell her how did you tell her what
happened like what's the way you tell
her that uh oh by the way I had a little
bit of a thought I was fart then it kind
of came blasting out so I got it on the
bedspread and I had to watch the best
fit what did you think about that well
you know she doesn't really like to
engage in these kind of conversation
yeah yeah you know I mean Oh didn't you
tell me I got that you had one the other
day you said that like it really curled
up into the toilet or something I had I
had the look like a snake deity yeah
yeah that's interesting yeah I mean look
it looked like a rattler with no rattler
you know yeah just kind of coiled up
inside had one of those let me tell you
what happened today I came back to the
office had a park in other tree at a
fart and then you know got out of the
car shut the door Angie was off
when I came back an hour and a half
later the smell was still in the car I
couldn't believe it oh that is really
well don't think you think about it
there's no you know nothing Oh Eric and
get in the car so he's gonna Travis sit
there he trapped yeah yeah I was trimmed
you know kind of settled in a little bit
you know like somebody smokes a
cigarette the car yes the door you can
tell they were smoking okay I think you
have more intense parts than most people
though oh I do yeah I do and I've
modified my diet lately you know I've
I'm on this eating fish everyday kick
shrimp and orange roughy got trying to
lose some weight and so I'm off to red
meat
yeah and of course that immediately
immediately changed the texture and and
the smell of life or everything changed
yeah I'm kind of surprised honestly that
you washed the sheet only because it you
told me real clearly one time that you
know when you sharted a little bit in
your pants I said don't you want to put
those down you said your quote was it's
just a little bit of well your
mother has to sleep on the back stretch
all right spot there so you know what I
mean I couldn't if you were alone you
wouldn't watch this I just would have
folded the bedspread over covered it up
okay this way nobody could tell okay
yeah cuz you have also like you have
like the if you're going to work out
you have kind of that underwear policy
where even if it has a little brown
streak you can you can put them inside
out right yeah I do that yeah yeah sure
anything that's kind of gross well no
cuz I'm environmentalist I'm trying to
you know trying to save on water you
know because I saw a chocolate stain on
one and you just put them inside out
that's true that's driving on that
before yeah cuz I'm too lazy to just get
it besides you know when you go to the
gym it's going to get dirty and
everything so I'll just go all the way
do you know what level of barbarian you
are for doing that like that is really
really a ready to turn up
no does Charlie know you do that
no no no no now there's certain there
are certain things you know this
business where you need to tell your
wife you know we're in love we're going
to share everything with each other yeah
some things you guys just don't want to
share with women it's not about other
women
what'd he tell you yeah I mean I gotta
say though nothing excites me more than
the possibility of mom hearing that
story just to see her level of disgust
would be hilarious it would be amazing
really amaze a SUP she actually said one
time I don't know where I met you that's
hilarious man um you remember your your
movie theater fart oh one of my proudest
moments was that eating a meat related
fart you know I think it was just eating
a lot of stuff Robbie I think it was a
holiday fart because uh doesn't Holly
food and in the people in the AMC
theater people sit right behind me or
let one go I mean they picked up and
moved five seats over ya know Katie not
exaggerating this one do not exaggerate
in us yeah that's a kind of gate kind of
gave it that you know a little no not to
my Bell look you know what I mean mm-hmm
yeah yeah yeah it was really something
we looked at um I'll give you a call a
little bit later okay okay buddy here oh
wow wow dude he would have folded over
the mattress cover is that what to do
the right thing
hey buddy yeah it's top dog hey buddy
stop dog hey buddy it's top dog you need
to write down stop dog um
wait so he would have folded over so
just to be clear he on the
bedspread is that what he shat on I
think it was the mattress cover the mad
cause the comforter maybe you know like
that comfort yeah I think it's a
comforter he's referring to yeah yeah
okay okay yeah so he would have just
folded it over if you were alone if you
were alone is that is that most guys
though let's be real most guys know
Manchin sympathetically head no no no
but it is uh there is it's a certain
type of savage yeah I mean military just
like yeah you know my dad would just
probably eat out of the sink if he were
eat over it and then just put the food
oh and he's a savage man yeah he's a
savage yeah your mother doesn't know
half of it mmm I'm sure she does though
yeah but I think she voluntarily blocks
a lot of things out yeah you know
there's things that like when I'm with
them I try to highlight his his savagery
to see her react she knows it's there
but she avoids it yeah so when I keep
pointing it out look look look look look
she's like haha you know it's so
disgusting yeah there's not interesting
that my dad and I sharted like 24 hours
apart basically very interesting and
what's really neat too is that sometimes
you'll go take a and our son will
at the same time in his diaper I
feel like that's the segura gene right
yeah the circle of sugar Oh life yeah
wow that's really neat and that your wax
thing too is pretty good he's hereditary
buddy